In this project I am going to show you how you can use the Gemini AI API
in a website made using django. Let's get into it.
I am coding on windows, but the process is not really that much different
from linux but I will show you how to do so for linux also. Are you ready? Let's
get into it. Code along with me.

Create a project folder and cd into it

Install requirements
pip install django


Start the project
django-admin startproject generative_ai
cd into the project

Create the app
python manage.py genai

Check if the project was installed properly
python manage.py runserver
go to the address: 127.0.0.1:800 on your browser.
If installation worked shutdown the server by clicking ctrl+C


Go to settings.py and add the app we just created.
In the app folder we are going to create a # urls.py file:
Add a few lines of code:

Now inside urls.py that are in the same folder as settings.py
add the following lines to connect the app with project urls.

The next step is to create a template folder and a static
folder inside my app.
Inside the template folder Let's create a html page
Inside the static page we'll create a css file for the styles.


In the views.py, lets create a view function and display our
html file.

In the urls.py, we are going to create a path that accesses
our index view.

Now let's connect our styles.

Let's create a simple html page, where a user can ask
gemini a question and then we can show the response.

I'm gonna use bootstrap for this:
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/getting-started/introduction/

Copy and paste the cdn links into the html.

For the form and button I'll use this ones.

Our html is complete so now we add our api.
We don't need models because we are not storing any data, we 
are just fetching responses from gemini api.

First we install google-generativeai
pip install -q -U google-generativeai

Get a gemini api key.
Google - gemini ai api
Login with your google account
Create an API


Now back to the views.py
We are going to intergrate gemini api into the views.
We can do it in a seperate python file, but this video is for 
the simplest way to get started, if you are interested in 
the more production level way, let me know in the comments.

import gemini ai dependencies
# For security purposes ensure you store your api key
in a secure file, don't use it directly in the code.

Lets access user input from the html input

return the response in the context.

And we are done.

For fun let's make it appear like it is generating
the text like it does in chatgpt and gemini.
For that, let's add a small scripts at the end of the htm
file.

Let's make it even better by cleaning the data a bit more
so that it has fewer unwanted characters.
Install markdown
pip install markdown

In the views.py get the response to markdown to be processed before 
outputing it.


